Clarify and improve setup instructions (#4247)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/getting-started/index.md

---
title: Getting Started
description: Download and install Istio.
weight: 5
aliases:
    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/download-release/
    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/download/
keywords: [kubernetes]
---

Istio offers multiple installation options depending on your Kubernetes platform and
whether or not you intend to use Istio in production.

1. [Quick-start demo install](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/kubernetes/):
   Choose this option if you're new to Istio and just want to try it out.
   This option allows you to experiment with many of the Istio's features with modest resource requirements.

1. [Customizable install with Helm](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/):
   Choose this option if you want to install Istio for production use, or for performance evaluation.

1. [Istio supported platform](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/platform/):
   Choose this option if your Kubernetes platform provides native support for Istio-enabled clusters
   with a [configuration profile](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/config-profiles/)
   corresponding to your intended use.

> After you've chosen an option and created an Istio-enabled cluster, you can then proceed to deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After choosing an option and installing Istio on your cluster, you can deploy
```

> your own application or to experiment with some of our [tasks](/docs/tasks/) and [examples](/docs/examples/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your own application or experiment with some of our [tasks](/docs/tasks/) and [examples](/docs/examples/).
```

{{< tip >}}
If you're running your own application, make sure to

> check the [Requirements for Pods and Services](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/requirements/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check the [requirements for pods and services](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/requirements/).
```

{{< /tip >}}

> When you're ready to consider more advanced Istio setups, check out the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to consider more advanced Istio use cases, check out the following resources:
```

> - If you want your installation to use Istio's Container Network Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To install using Istio's Container Network Interface
```

(CNI) plugin, visit our [CNI guide](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/cni/).

> - If you want to perform a multicluster setup, visit our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To perform a multicluster setup, visit our
```

> [Multicluster installation documents](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/multicluster/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[multicluster installation documents](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/multicluster/).
```

- To expand your existing mesh with additional containers or VMs not running on

> your mesh's Kubernetes cluster, follow our [Mesh Expansion guide](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/mesh-expansion/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your mesh's Kubernetes cluster, follow our [mesh expansion guide](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/mesh-expansion/).
```

> - Adding services requires understanding sidecar injection in detail. Visit our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To add services requires detailed understanding of sidecar injection. Visit our
```

> [Installing the Sidecar guide](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[sidecar injection guide](/docs/setup/kubernetes/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/)
```
